IATA code of the airpor to retrieve
ICAO code of the airport to retrieve
Fails if field contains anything other than a valid season [YYYY] or [YYYY-YYYY]
empty string
empty string
Fails if field contains anything other than alpha-numeric characters, numbers or space
Fails if field contains anything other than alpha-numeric characters, numbers or space
country name or country code (ex : GB for England)
Filter by season (2016, 2017, 2018, 2019)
YYYY
2016, 2017, 2018, 2019
season - YYYY
season
the season of the league
season (YYYY or YYYY-YYYY)
country
the country of the league
Player name
The two letters country code
The country code
The country code gotten from .../countries/list API
Get suitable value from countries/list API
Get value from siteId field from countries/list API
Get value from store field from countries/list API
Get suitable "store" value from countries/list API, this param is not sideId as in products/list API
The language code gotten from .../countries/list API
The language code
Get suitable value from countries/list API
The ground-level ozone (O3) in parts per billion (ppb).in
The nitrogen dioxide (NO2),  in parts per billion (ppb)
The fine particulate matter (PM2.5), PM2.5 is \t * measured\ in micrograms per cubic metre (ug/m3).
Game's title
Exact game's title
Game's platform. Can be "pc", "playstation-4", "switch", etc
latitude
longitude
Region of interest
Last spot date
empty string
empty string
Country code (example: US, GB, NO)
The minimal population of the city
the point of departure. The IATA city code or the country code. The length - from 2 to 3 symbols.
IATA code of departure city. IATA code is shown by uppercase letters, for example MOW
IATA code of the departure city. IATA code is shown by uppercase
the airline tickets currency
currency of prices
IATA code of destination city. IATA code is shown by uppercase letters, for example LED
the point of destination. The IATA city code or the country code. The length - from 2 to 3 symbols. Note! If the point of departure and the point of destination are not specified, then the API shall bring 30 the most cheapest tickets, which have been found during the recent 48 hours, back.
IATA code of airline
ICAO 3 letter or IATA 2 letter code
ICAO code or IATA code
ICAO code, IATA code, town, airport name
Movie title to search for
A valid IMDb ID (e.g. tt4154796)
Year of release (e.g. 2019)
Must be used with lon. Get current weather data when you know the latitude of the city.
latitude (used with lon)
empty string
Must be used with lat.  Get current weather data when you know the longitude of the city.
longitude (used with lat)
empty string
CountryCode
Year
The question.
A question or keywords that can be answered with simple facts.
empty string
The market country your user is in
The currency you want the prices in
The locale you want the results in (ISO locale)
The language you want the results in (ISO locale). See locales for locales that we support.
The address that you want to geocode
The language in which to return results
The country code
Longitude of search area
latitude of search area
Zip Code To Search
2 digit State Code
City
State
Zip code
Longitude
Latitude
zip code of the city
name of a city
Country